myfin is a financial services application that provides procurement, invoicing,
balance sheet assessment, p&l statement assessment, cashflow and budgeting 
services.

Purchasing: 

    Users will be able to create a purchase order, enter order details and 
email for approval. 

    Once approval is complete, user can will have email, printing and pdf 
conversion capabilities for the purchase order. 

    Each PO will be assigned a unique PO number that is exclusive to the user or 
company name. POs history will also be available in the application. 

    A PO received status will also be available, allowing the user to change status 
of PO to sent to supplier, received, partially received, cancelled and paid.




Invoicing: 
    An entire company accounts receivable can be housed in the application.

    Invoices can be generated with a unique invoice number that is exclusive to the 
user or company name. 

    Invoice history will also be available through the application.

    When payment is received, user can mark invoice as paid and will be removed from 
company aging on balance sheet. 

    Invoice history will also be available. 
    
    User will also have the ability to send invoice via email, print and convert to 
pdf through the application.




balance sheet assessment: 
    The user will have the ability to generate a balance sheet after completing a 
quick questionare about company or user financials. 

    Assets and liabilities will be pulled from other areas of the application, if 
being used.

    The user will have email, print, and pdf conversion capabilities for the balance 
sheet feature of the application.




p&l statement: 

    The financial statement feature will also be available for users, allowing for 
real time review on any day of the month. 

    Revenue and expenses for a given month will be generated after user answers a 
quick questionare about user or company financials. 

    The user will have email, print, and pdf conversion capabilities with the 
financial statement feature.



cashflow - Under construction as of 02/24/2021




budgeting and forecasting: 

    User will have budgeting capabilities for the following month or year. 
    
    Changing your budget will not be allowed after budget is submitted.

    User will be able to update forecasting for any given month, at or before the 
15th of the current month. budgeting and forecasting reports will be available for 
print,email, and pdf conversion.




month-end: 

    Bills paid and purchase orders in received and partially received status
will qualify as in the month expenses. 

    Any purchse order sent to suppliers and not received in the month, will be 
rolled over to the next month.

financial performance: 

    A review of company financial performance will be available but currently under 
construction. Logic for financial performance not completed as of 02/24/2021.
